# rad-tools

An ecosystem of libraries and tools that can used in the field of radiotherapy.

## Components

### Libraries

The project at this stage has one library.

- [`radtools-ls-dcm`](dcm_ls) library used to read DICOM files by modality.

### Tools

The project at this stage has these command line tools.

- [`dcm_sort`](dcm_sort):
  Sort DICOM files by Patient ID, Study, Series, Modality.
- [`dcm_cp`](dcm_cp):
  A command line interface (CLI) application to copy DICOM files by patient ID.
- [`ls_rtplan`](dcm_ls): list RTPLAN DICOM files in a directory.
- [`mpc_checks_cleaner`](mpc_checks_cleaner):
  Clean the MPC checks generated by Varian TrueBeam & Ethos machines.
- [`one_way_sync`](one_way_sync):
  Synchronize a source directory into a target directory \[uses Robocopy as a backend\].


## Building

You can use Cargo to build all the projects.

When you are building the project during the development stage, run `cargo build`.
When you want to release the application, run `cargo build --release`

## Roadmap

Project is under active development.

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

at your option.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.
